Then I will have to look for a sane person to guide us, try to switch everything and try to change everything, try to kick the repeated day, free the fingers of the bark of the rubber tree planted in the highest of the heavens, and to rearrange what I have, nothing but poems kneeling at the door of forgetfulness. Waiting for the birds of the mornings, they line up on the window, an hour of patience, of cooing and chapping there, where a tree is not suitable for being a ladder.

The rug is because it extends its tongues over the room tiles and the chair, because it is lame. Change everything, try to kick the repeated day, release the fingers from the bark of the rubber tree planted in the highest of the heavens, and to rearrange what you have that I have nothing but poems kneeling at the door of forgetfulness A lame chair with a simple stretching out its tongues mockingly as if approaching the door Hearing your heartbeat or as if you are waiting for the mornings from the window and queuing up

Sprouting on the floor of the room I will try to tell you, but I do not know that the lame chair would wear the robes of repentance and extend the thorns of nostalgia to remain, and I do not know the rugs will stop their tongues from striving between the safe cracks of the tiles, then I will have to look for a sane person to guide us, I try to change everything and try to change everything I try to kick the tree of the day and release the rubber fingers in the bark What do not possess the kumkles but poems kneeling at the door of forgetfulness, a lame chair, a mocking carpet stretching out its tongues, as if it is approaching the door, hearing your heartbeat, or as if you are waiting for you, bringing the birds of sacrifice, and lining up on the window for an hour of patience and clamor of cooing and cracking there, where a tree is not suitable to be a ladder of a man who seems familiar with it I see in his hands

I am trying to change everything and try to change everything I try to kick the repeated day and free the fingers from the bark of the rubber tree planted in the highest of the heavens and to rearrange what I have is nothing but poems kneeling at the door of forgetting and a lame chair with a mat stretching out its tongues mockingly as if it is approaching the door I hear your heart beating in the window From patience from cooing and chapping there where a tree is not suitable to be a ladder. A man seems familiar. I see it in his hands slowly dropping its petals slowly, as if he gives her a chance to confess or gives the others a chance to weep. I do not say the petals are sterile wings.

Striving over sand sprouting on the floor of the room I will try to tell you, but I don’t know that the lame chair would wear the robes of repentance and extend the thorns of nostalgia to remain, and I don’t know whether the rug would stop his tongues from striving between the safe cracks of the tiles, then I’ll have to look for a sane person who guides us, I try to change everything and try to change everything I try to kick the day that is repeated in the top of the rubber tree to free The heavens and that I rearrange what they have, I have nothing but poems kneeling at the door of forgetfulness, a lame chair, a rug stretching out its tongues mockingly, as if it is approaching the door, hearing your heartbeat, or as if you are waiting for it, bringing the birds of sacrifice, and lining up on the window, an hour of patience from the cooing and cracking there, where a tree is not suitable for you to be a peace in what seems to be a man

I know that the lame chair would wear the robes of repentance and extend the thorns of longing to remain. Poems crouching in the bush evaporated mockingly as if they were close to died yesterday? They were drying the horse, the soldiers, and the trees.

Striving over sand sprouting on the floor of the room I will try to tell you, but I don’t know that the lame chair would wear the robes of repentance and extend the thorns of nostalgia to remain, and I don’t know whether the rug would stop his tongues from striving between the safe cracks of the tiles, then I’ll have to look for a sane person to guide us, I try to change everything and try to change everything The sign of Yumasilps, As for the one who is the grave of the harbors suffering with the air, we reach our mouths every day. We are the Iraqis. We make with it how you see it. They have to see it. They left curved crowns of brutal fatigue. A hand will cry out in my hands. Will you come from the details of the bargaining in anticipation? Let the fish sail between you in the morning?

A tree until the hum of a city frees the fingers from the bark of the rubber tree planted in the highest of the heavens, and to be rearranged on a rock, two wings grow and fly where I go, where its pigeon is a little more likely to accumulate, you know the distress of things on things, and you rehearse what I call you I hear so easily, I will put up an excuse for you in the desert

A person's life in it is ruin wherever he goes, like my circular grandmother who keeps getting used to starting How can I break this narcotic cycle and walk unprecedented word, step, smell? And be a green body, O poetry, be a language in which I will sojourn with myself and my wings soul in my tongue to nurture the tribes of my voice - on her silence awake and lonely I see you will not be a green body, she was not a good master to buy, you were not a goddess, you raving that I desire, her memory satisfied you with the past The moment is about the body of the first place At the first moment, a staircase lit up to call for the stray birds, from the crowded crowded with open air

And to free the fingers from the bark of the rubber tree planted in the highest of the heavens, and to rearrange what you have that I have nothing but poems kneeling at the door of forgetfulness and a lame chair that extends its tongues mockingly as if it approaches the door Hearing your heartbeat or as if you are waiting for you bring the birds of sacrifice and line up on the window An hour of plaque there is no plaster of plum

The window is an hour of patience from cooing and cracking there, where a tree is not suitable to be a ladder. A man seems familiar. I see it in his hands slowly dropping its petals slowly, as if he gives her a chance to confess or gives the others a chance to weep. I do not say the petals are sterile wings.
